In this exercise, you have been tasked with doing
some independent research on tools that can be
used to add security controls to an architecture that will have Internet-bound traffic.
As a Cloud architect,
it is important to be familiar with tools such as these,
and how they can fit into an architecture.
I highly encourage you to read the post that was
shared titled Controlling VPC Egress Traffic.
It is a great starting point outlining
architectural best practices to effectively secure Cloud network infrastructure.
You should now have a stronger understanding of
how to design network ingress and egress security in the Cloud.